Add command line entrypoints for new example jobs `SimpleJdbcSinkJob` and `SimpleTableApiJob` (#16)
crate/cratedb-flink-jobs: README.rst

submitted at `Apache Flink JDBC Connector » CrateDB support`_.

Usage
=====

Kafka->CrateDB job
------------------

Build job Jar file.

.. code:: console

>     $ ./gradlew build

Reviewer: then, maybe instruct to use `make` here as well (and maybe elsewhere)?

Submit to Flink.

.. code:: console

    make submit

In-process jobs
---------------

At ``io.crate.flink.demo``, there are two Flink example jobs/programs which can

> be launched interactively without needing to submit them. ``SimpleJdbcSinkJob``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be launched as standalone Java applications without needing to submit them to a Flink cluster. ``SimpleJdbcSinkJob``
```

demonstrates how to insert records into CrateDB using the official
``org.postgresql.Driver`` JDBC driver.

.. code:: console

    make run JOB=SimpleJdbcSinkJob

``SimpleTableApiJob`` demonstrates how to leverage the virtual

> ``TableEnvironment`` subsystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``TableEnvironment`` subsystem, and use Flink's TableAPI and SQL.
```
